Added installation instructions (#5)
xmartlabs/TypedNavigation: README.md

# TypedNavigation
[![Run detekt and build](https://github.com/xmartlabs/TypedNavigation/actions/workflows/compile-and-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/xmartlabs/TypedNavigation/actions/workflows/compile-and-check.yml)

A lightweight library to help you navigate in compose with well typed functions. 

### Installation:

You can add this library to your project by just adding the following code to your root `build.gradle`

```groovy
	allprojects {
		repositories {
			// ...
			maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
		}

> 	}

Reviewer: I'd remove tabs

```

> and this other to your app `build.gradle`

Reviewer: maybe something like:
```suggestion
Then import the library in your app `build.gradle` file.
```
or something like that
